
# Week of 11/27/23 - 12/03/23

### Meeting Start
2023/11/27/3:25pm

### Meeting End
2023/11/27/4:42pm

### Location/Medium
Primarily In person in Classroom; some online

### Present
Team members in person (Michaela, Ashley, Sam)
Team members online (Leah, Logan)

### Minute Recorder
Michaela

### Topics Discussed
- Focusing on cleaning code currently still. 
- We need to create tests for the following functions:
  - print UidStats
  - print UniqueID&Tally
  - ContainsMissingOrZeroLatOrLong
    - Cases include assert True if Missing, null, or 0.0 values for latitude and/or longitude.
    - Assert False if the data is correct.
  - addJsonObjectToMap
  - Need to create function for Repeat UID -> 1 in set.
    - Need one test
  - Need to create function for New UID -> New IUD is added.
    - Need one test
- Going to temporarily remove the Circle class from our github but leave it on the gitlab incase it is needed later.
- To check for clean or non-clean data, doing a modeling approach. If the model fails then it is non-clean, if the model passess then the data is clean.
  - Z - score to look at how far the individual data piece is from the data set (Ex: this piece of data results are so far off it doesn't make sense).
    - Specific data will be: speed
- Leah will send us what needs to be downloaded so we can download cesium. Cesium is currently being ran through an HTML code.
- UI can include things being added onto cesium rather than building one.
  
### Topics Clarified
- Sam has been working on breaking down code into modularization. Has current broken down the code into functions including:  
  - print UidStats
  - print UniqueID&Tally
  - ContainsMissingOrZeroLatOrLong
  - AddJsonObjectToMap


### Tasks Distributed
- Logan is going to work on creating the 9 tests.
- Leah is working on getting the Cesium map to work and to show the data points on a map. Issue is just getting the data to show currently. Leah will push her current progress to github.
  - This gives the availability for other members to attempt to try at it if they have experience in HTML. Sam and Michaela Will try to work on it.
- Michaela will email Chris in regards to the squidRID data being returned. No headings are provided in the file, we can guestimate what some of the data is but are not 100% on if thats what is being provided.
- Ashley will help with tests as well and work on getting the tests to compile as well.
