# Week of 10/9/23 - 10/15/23

### Meeting Start
2023/10/15/5:30

### Meeting End
2023/10/15/5:46

### Location/Medium
Zoom call

### Present
All team members (Leah, Sam, Logan, Ashley, Michaela)

### Minute Recorder
Michaela

### Topics Discussed
- Presention on Tuesday. Review the powerpoint so we are prepared when presenting to the class. Presentation has information we can talk about!
  - Be prepared for questions regarding our project, there may be things we cannot answer, If unsure its best to say we are not at liberty to say.
- Resend NDA to CEO if needed for section missed. This area needs to be filled out to proceed with project and information receiving. We all missed filling out the same section.
- Team Meeting will probably be tuesday afternoon most likely, we will be deciding a time tuesday after class.

### Topics Clarified
- Ensuring everyone received the NDA back.
  - If not, send it back to Aaron/CEO since we all missed the same section.
- When NDA's are all in and approved we should be receiving code, hopefully, from the clients.
- All assignments will be submitted regarding the presentation, be ready to get moving on the project this week!
- If no code is received before/on tuesday, we will work on the scenario for the end of project, the cybersecurity plan the clients assigned, and possible class assignments.

### Tasks Distributed
- Send CEO back our NDA with the top portion filled out as requested.
- Review presentation for tuesday! 
- Email Chris about receiving coding materials so we can begin our first iteration portion.
- If we get the code before tuesday we will review it in our meeting and distribute tasks among the members.
- Work on cybersecurity plan from the clients, come up with possible updates to their process of transferring information. (official emails only, no gmails?)
