
# Week of 11/20/23 - 11/26/23

### Meeting Start
2023/11/21/3:30pm

### Meeting End
2023/11/21/3:50pm

### Location/Medium
Zoom call

### Present
All team members (Leah, Sam, Logan, Ashley, Michaela)

### Minute Recorder
Michaela

### Topics Discussed
- We discussed what our iteration 2 features will include.
  - Determine what data is 'clean' and add related flags to those data points.
  - We would like to go from a text-based user interface to a GUI.
  - Create a webpage with a user sign in system to display the application.
- We discussed implementing UI's into our project. We need to begin researching UI's such as firebase and see if they would be a good fit for our project.
- Agreed as a team we need to focus on simplifying the code and breaking it down into chunks to allow the possibility of testing.
- Need to look into machine learning algorithms to help implement completeness (Is there any blank or null values) and correctiveness (Does the data make sense).
- Chris has emailed us more data to work with and he has gotten squidRID to function. He will push the squidRID to the gitlab.
  
### Topics Clarified
-  We would like to do Cesium rather than Unreal. We need to figure out how we can incorporate cesium into our project for our 3D map.
-  We need to simplify the code we currently have. Our code is currently too complicated and long in line length. We want to break the code into different modularization chunks so we can develop tests for the different chunks of code.

### Tasks Distributed
- As a group we will work on cleaning the code/refactoring the code to ensure the code is simplified for testing.
- All members need to be looking at different user intefaces to detetermine which will work best for our project.
