# Week of 10/16/23 - 10/22/23

### Meeting Start
2023/10/20/9:00am

### Meeting End
2023/10/20/9:25am

### Location/Medium
Zoom call

### Present
All team members (Leah, Sam, Logan, Ashley, Michaela)

### Minute Recorder
Michaela

### Topics Discussed
- New Client meeting time. Our current time and day meeting with the clients no longer work for them. We need to decide on a new time that they have given us that works for both them and us.
- Communicate to our client our best available meeting times for early in the week, 11:00-12:00 EST Monday and 3:30-5:00 EST Tuesday.
- Talk to client about getting some form of code so we can begin working on the project either this weekend or early next week. The sooner we begin on the code, the better off we will be.
- Discussed our new team meeting times. Last few assignments have been spontaneous meetings, we need to have a set time from here on.
  
### Topics Clarified
- Our new Client Meeting weekly is now set for xx rather than thursdays at 8:30am. We are waiting for a response on a time that works best for our client and what would work best for us so we would be able to schedule a meeting in that amount of time in the future.
- Our weekly team meetings are Tuesday 3:30-4:30pm from here on out weekly, our meetings for now will be over zoom unless something changes. The meeting location will most likely change once we begin to work on the code.
- GitLab currently does not have a code as far as we believe, none of us can see it. For now, keep an eye on the GitLab server for any code. 

### Tasks Distributed
- Get set up for Gitlab if not already.
- Keep an eye on email for possible code from Chris.
- Possibly begin on code this weekend.
- Send revised NDAs to CEO if havent yet.
- Sam is sending email to our client about the code and our available meeting times to hopefully schedule a meeting for this upcoming week at least.
- Meeting with Client has been approved for 11am on Monday.
