# Week of 10/23/23 - 10/29/23

### Meeting Start
2023/10/24/3:30pm

### Meeting End
2023/10/24/4:39pm

### Location/Medium
Zoom call

### Present
All team members (Leah, Sam, Logan, Ashley, Michaela)

### Minute Recorder
Michaela

### Topics Discussed
- Recap of client meeting from this week. Some members will be creating a basic data processor and reviewing the clean data file from chris and some members will revamp SquidRID to create a data CSV file. Possibly a drone simulator at some point?
- NDAs. Double checked as a team to ensure everyone had fixed their NDAs and sent it back to Aaron.
- Development.md , we reviewed the requirements for the assignment as a team and began to work on the document. This is going to be treated more as a group assignment rather than an individual. Everyone contributes where they can on the document.
- Mentor meeting is Thursday @ 3:30pm.
  
### Topics Clarified
- The specific data points we are to look at for the processor includes Unique ID, Latitude, Longitude, and the Timestamps.
- During the meeting our team split off into groups to work on different tasks. The tasks focused on in this meeting included SquidRID and creating a basic data processor.

### Tasks Distributed
- Sam and Ashley will be working on the SquidRID. They will review the code and then try to manipulate the code to create simulated "spoof data" in a CSV file.
- Michaela, Logan, and Leah will be working on setting up the inital repository in gitLab (The code is posted under the branch "Leah" in github). Then they will create java code that will break down and look at json file structures. This resulted in a csv to json converter. The code used for our program is based on the real data given to us by chris (CSV file). 

