# Week of 11/06/23 - 11/12/23

### Meeting Start
2023/11/07/3:30pm

### Meeting End
2023/11/07/3:47pm

### Location/Medium
Zoom call

### Present
All team members (Leah, Sam, Logan, Ashley, Michaela)

### Minute Recorder
Michaela

### Topics Discussed
- Reiterated what we did during class. We discussed what was blocking us, what our progress was, what we will contiune to work on. We determined nothing was necessarily blocking us within our project, we will continue working on stripping SquidRID and getting it to run. We will continue working on inncorporating docker into our code. We will work on continue incorporating cesium into our code.
- Cesium has already been added to the code, it is continue being worked on for errors.
- JavaFX is also incorporated, we are running into errors when the data is being ran but they are also being worked on.
- We eventually would like simulation data. Having more data will allow us to ensure that our program and code is working properly in distinguishing clean and unclean data.
- We need to meet with our client and mentor to receive feedback based on what we currently have for our software and documentation for Iteration 1.
- On Monday November 13th we have assignments due, this includes the mentor and client meetings and their feedback, the documentation  (user, development, deployment), software (Is it runnable and functional), presentation (Needs to be 20 minutes long with 5 Q/A) , and second iteration features.
  
### Topics Clarified
- Remaining things from iteration 1 include the sign on screen.
  - Having json file data returned to database is being pushed back to a different iteration due to not having access to their database.
- Our graphical display will be cesium rather than unreal. 

### Tasks Distributed
- Logan will email Ergin about possible department availability of ESP32 boards for the Arduino IDE along with possible assistance on SquidRID.
- Sam will Email the client about setting up a time for our meeting regarding our progress for iteration 1 and feedback on our progress.
- Leah will continue adding cesium into our project. Cesium will display all the returned clean data of the drone flight path.
- Sam and Logan will peer program on the Sign in system.
- Ashley will continue working on SquidRID.
- Michaela will continue looking at a Drone Simulator.
