# Week of 10/30/23 - 11/05/23

### Meeting Start
2023/10/31/3:30pm

### Meeting End
2023/10/31/3:46pm

### Location/Medium
Zoom call

### Present
All team members (Leah, Sam, Logan, Ashley, Michaela)

### Minute Recorder
Michaela

### Topics Discussed
- Update from where we are compared to last week on Sam and Ashley regarding SquidRID code is that it is now returning latitude and longitude. Ashley met with Chris (no one else was available for a quick meeting to work on squidRID). Chris wants us to adapt SquidRID to get it to work for what we need.
- Update from where we are compared to last week on Michaela, Logan, and Leah regarding json code. The code still returns clean data based on longitude and latitude and voids any data with NULL values. Have been working on research regarding cesium (for our map display) and how to incorporate that into our current code to display the data.
- When is iteration 1 due? November 13th.
- Our code for reading and returning json file data needs to be more rigorous and testable by ensuring it is clean, correct, and well-structured.
  
### Topics Clarified
- What is the squidRID for? We need/want to update and adapt the code to where it will work for us. Ashley is going to work with gradle to see if that will get it to run since us and chris don't necessarily know how to get going on it. Chris wants an update within the next day on if we figure anything out or not. (Nov 2nd update: we were able to get SquidRID to run and now it compiles).

### Tasks Distributed
- Leah will continue to look at the code to make it more rigorous and testable.
- Michaela will continue reviewing drone simulator open-source code.
- Michaela will look into implementing the sign-in feature.
- Logan is going to add the github code into gitlab for the clients to view as well.
- Ashley and Sam will continue working with squidRID to try to get that running and will provide an update to us and chris.
- Logan will work on updating design model.
- Leah will work on updating business requirements and requirements.
- Michaela will work on updating user stories.
