
# Week of 2/19/24 - 2/25/24

### Meeting Start
2024/02/20/05:00pm

### Meeting End
2024/02/20/05:21pm

### Location/Medium
Microsoft Teams

### Present
Sam, Michaela, Leah, Ashley, Logan

### Minute Recorder
Michaela

### Topics Discussed
- Touch base on what all the members have been working on the last week.
  - Leah has added the jslinter to our project, did the csv_to_json_converter.py tests and added a coverage tool for test percentages.
  - Logan has added the python linter to our project, did the handle_server_data.py tests.
  - Michaela has been working on drone_tests.py, ensuring they are all passing and then will push a pull request.
  - Ashley has been working on trying to get unreal to run on her laptop
  - Sam has been working on understanding unreal and figuring out how to run/utilize it
- Discussed features we would like to implement this iteration as well as transitioning over to unreal engine.
  - Leveling drone
  - Operator data added such as location
  - Tool to view multiple drones
  - User Sign on
  - More drone information added
  - Want to transition to unreal
  - Add in more tests
  
### Topics Clarified
- We should have admin access to the lab and computers by Monday at 1pm hopefully.

### Tasks Distributed
- Logan is working on getting unreal to work on his desktop and epoch_time_converter.py tests, as well as updating refresh button.
- Sam is working on learning unreal, user sign on, and property_config_reader.py tests.
- Leah is working on learning unreal, leveling drone, and adding more drone information.
- Ashley is working on updating her unreal and getting it up so we can have a running laptop and property_evaluator.py tests.
- Michaela is working on ensuring drone tests run and pass, trying to get project to run on members with windows laptops/lab computers (has a windows and was able to get it to run) learning unreal, and displaying operator location and data.
