
# Week of 3/18/24 - 3/24/24

### Meeting Start
2024/03/19/05:00pm

### Meeting End
2024/03/19/05:30pm

### Location/Medium
Microsoft Teams

### Present
All Team Members (Leah, Logan, Ashley, Sam, Michaela)

### Minute Recorder
Michaela

### Topics Discussed
- Sam did a Demo of our software for Ergin.
  - Ergin suggested: Treat their server as if it is the backend of the project. Advised giving the clients the python so they can adapt as they see fit.
- Discuss to Chris about if we can get Unreal Engine running, we could have rating attached to the received data and have it sent back.
- Iteration 5 tasks include:
  - Rebuilt UE Project.
  - Add Chris's code to the project gradually
  - Switch back to Github (occasionally push to gitlab)
  - Fix client ID and Secret so everything works.
  - Research Unreal Engine Testing.
- Decided we need to set check ins for progress to ensure we aren't scrambling to complete deadlines and that we can communicate any and all issues.
  
### Topics Clarified
- Within unreal engine, Blueprints can call C++ but C++ cannot call blueprints. The high level overlay is blueprints and low level overlay is C++.

### Tasks Distributed
-Everyone is working on rebuilding unreal engine project by following unreal tutorial
- Logan is working on pulling everything into a repository
- Sam is working on trying to rebuild unreal engine project into the code and user sign on.
- Ashley is working on Trying to rebuild using blueprint default.
- Leah is working on trying to rebuilt using C++ default and demo video for chris.
- Michaela is working on Unreal Testing research and Testing for Chris's code. Michaela and Leah are working on sending an iteration video to Chris.
