
# Week of 3/25/24 - 3/31/24

### Meeting Start
2024/03/26/05:00pm

### Meeting End
2024/03/26/05:20pm

### Location/Medium
Microsoft Teams

### Present
All Team Members (Ashley, Leah, Logan, Michaela, Sam)

### Minute Recorder
Michaela

### Topics Discussed
- Sam walked us through how he is getting his memory error with inheritence. He had to roll back some of his refactoring due to it breaking the code
  - Inheritence is not working with unreal engine; may potentially due to blueprints not working. Sam is reaching out to Chris in regards to how he got the program to run.
- Did a progress check on our tasks from last week:
  - Michaela understands research and will have the test code pushed within the next few days.
  - Leah is trying to replicate her environment on her new laptop; has messed with rebuilding a little bit but will continue to work on it.
- Schedule a meeting with Nate for thursday with progress for mid-iteration; Ashley is reaching out to Nate.
  
### Topics Clarified
- Inheritence may need to be a priority for refactoring and coding functions. We need to figure out where specifically the code is breaking so functions will need to be done one at a time most likely.

### Tasks Distributed
-Everyone is working on rebuilding unreal engine project by following unreal tutorial
- Logan is working on pulling everything into a repository
- Sam is working on trying to rebuild unreal engine project into the code and user sign on.
- Ashley is working on Trying to rebuild using blueprint default.
- Leah is working on trying to rebuild using C++ default.
- Michaela is working on Unreal Testing research and Testing for Chris's code. 
