
# Week of 2/26/24 - 3/03/24

### Meeting Start
2024/02/27/05:00pm

### Meeting End
2024/02/27/05:31pm

### Location/Medium
Collaboration Room
Microsoft Teams (Ashley)

### Present
Logan, Leah, Sam, Michaela, Ashley

### Minute Recorder
Michaela

### Topics Discussed
- We did an overview of learning unreal. Figured out the unreal engine is already set for automatic spawning at carmel.
- Sam then walked us through a tutorial of what he has learned so far in unreal.
  - This includes moving through unreal, changing settings to ensure graphic features will load without the program becoming glitchy, adding in features, how to view blueprints on the application.
- Discussed that while we would like unreal to be working, we also need to focus on the web application and have that updated incase unreal does not work.
- Discussed that RB368 is the lab that unreal would be set up in for our project. Michaela is still working on getting things downloaded and getting the project running.
- Continue to work on tests and adding in more features over spring break. 
  
### Topics Clarified
- We need to focus on both unreal as well as the web application just incase we are not able to get unreal up and running by the this iteration.

### Tasks Distributed
- Logan is working on making a container in docker
- Sam is working on learning unreal 
- Ashley is working on property_evaluator tests
- Leah is working on adding tests and adding in more drone information
- Michaela is working on Incorporating the operator location and data 
