
# Week of 4/01/24 - 4/07/24

### Meeting Start
2024/04/02/05:00pm

### Meeting End
2024/04/02/05:20pm

### Location/Medium
Microsoft Teams

### Present
All Team Members (Ashley, Leah, Logan, Michaela, Sam)

### Minute Recorder
Michaela

### Topics Discussed
- Discussed progress on what members have been doing
  - Sam has been working on implementing Client ID and secret, adding test data, still working on the blueprints for unreal engine.
  - Logan has been working on implementing our code into unreal engine. He has been working on ensuring the code works properly and that all the percautions we had for the webpage is implemented in unreal as well.
  - Michaela has been working on Unreal engine code testing. Has majority of tests done but is running into a connectivity issue in the tests between subclasses. Working on researching a solution.
  - Leah has been working on replicating environment on her laptop.
  - Ashley has been working on topdown map for displaying live drone location with shapes in unreal.
  
### Topics Clarified
- Not much successful progress has been made in unreal even though it is still our goal. Consider working on web-page as well to ensure we have something for the final iteration.

### Tasks Distributed
- Sam is working on fixing his blueprint errors
- Logan is working on fixing broken code
- Leah is working on C++ default rebuild in unreal engine
- Ashley is working on Topdown map in unreal to show drone location and information by shapes.
- Michaela is working on figuring out subclass testing issue and finishing class testing
