
# Week of 1/15/24 - 1/21/24

### Meeting Start
2024/01/16/5:00pm

### Meeting End
2024/01/16/5:50pm

### Location/Medium
On Microsoft Teams

### Present
All Team Members (Sam, Ashley, Logan, Leah)

### Minute Recorder
Michaela

### Topics Discussed
- Discussed tasks we need to do for this iteration or would like to accomplish:
  - Complete/update configurations files. Add test data variables on what is normal and what is not. Compare it to the standard provided to us.
  - Need to make tests for the functions we have, they need to be more comprehensive.
  - Time functionality needs to be added to the code so we can incorporate the play and back button to track drone movement.
  - Possibly implementing drone models rather than dots.
  - Refactoring the code for better readability and cleaniness
  - Integrating test server
- After discussing remaining tasks, we mentioned what differences we would like to see for this semester such as more frequent commits and communication on what is being worked on so no one is out of the loop. Mentioned we liked having a laid out explanation of what all is left to do, ensured everyone is on the same page.
- For the remaining 35 minutes, we broke off into teams to work on our tasks but the call remained open for any questions.
  
### Topics Clarified
- Comments in the code to let members know that you are working on something so we don't overlap on tasks and so we know what everyone else is doing.


### Tasks Distributed
- Logan is working on modularizing color functionality in script.js
- Ashley is working on tests for script.js functions
- Michaela is working on refactoring/readability of script.js
- Sam is working on configuration file and modularizing DataProcessor.java
- Leah is working on Refactoring the DataProcessor.java code
