
# Week of 1/29/24 - 2/04/24

### Meeting Start
2024/01/30/9:55am

### Meeting End
2024/01/30/10:45am

### Location/Medium
Capstone Room/ Google Meet

### Present
In Person (Sam, Michaela, Ashely) 
Online (Leah, Logan)

### Minute Recorder
Michaela

### Topics Discussed
- Now that we have the okay, we will finish iteration 3 in cesium/python and then transfer to focus on unreal engine for our clients client.
- Time implementation works for our cesiumoutput file, now we just need to incorporate it into cesium to track drones if clicked on a specific flight path.
- We discussed what is left for iteration 3 and made issues within the github for what is remaining for tasks.
    - Connecting the server with the python scripts (due to the transfer from java to python)
    - Set javascript up to run the python files
    - Write tests for the python code
    - Move python files to appropriate locations
    - Delete java files and remove configurations
    - Add drone model to flight paths
    - Add time functionality to drones.
  - We then assigned tasks to members to complete for this iteration and to implement a smooth transition into Python from Java.
- The remainder of the meeting we worked on our tasks. We discovered that for some of us to complete our tasks depends on when others complete theirs. 
  
### Topics Clarified
- We need to work on transferring our project to python and also implementing our iteration 3 features that are remaining.

### Tasks Distributed
- Logan is working on connecting the server with the python scripts; Python scripts need to look to the server code for their data source rather than a csv file.
- Sam is working on setting javascript up to run the python files
- Ashley is working on writing tests for the python code
- Leah is working on moving python files to an appropriate location and deleting java files and removing their configurations
- Michaela is working on Adding drone model to flight path model and adding time functionality to drones.
