
# Week of 2/12/24 - 2/18/24

### Meeting Start
2024/02/13/05:00pm

### Meeting End
2024/02/13/05:48pm

### Location/Medium
Microsoft Teams

### Present
All team members (Leah, Logan, Michaela, Sam, Ashley)

### Minute Recorder
Michaela

### Topics Discussed
- Begun the meeting with a team reflection on iteration 3. Touch based on when exactly we begun on our iteration tasks, whether we waited till last minute or whether we worked on it throughout the week.
  - Want to have more testing; going to target tasks into smaller pieces rather than assigning big chunks so we can ensure things get done and can help where needed. We also want better communication.
- Discussed how we wanted to approach this iteration; want to connect to unreal, have new features, tests, have better communication. We all lacked on the communication within slack and github. Start to utilize the description in the github issues to state if we have begun on our tasks or if we are running into an issue.
- Current focus should be tests, refactoring, writing clean code. Backend is pretty clean, has been rewrote in java and in python as well. Clean variable names and produce tests should be the focus for this week.
  
### Topics Clarified
- Tests need to be a major focus this iteration. None of us felt very well about this iteration. Tests and coverage needs to be a priority this iteration.

### Tasks Distributed
- Download epic game launcher (shut off auto launcher), Unreal engine from epic game launcher, Chris's Unreal.  
- Thumbs up Sams comment in slack when you have messed with Unreal and got it to run.
- Michaela is working on Drone.py Tests
- Logan is working on Python Linter for assignment and epoch_time_converter.py tests
- Leah is working on Java Linter for assignment, adding more drone information, leveling drone, and csv_to_json_converter.py tests
- Ashley is working on property_evaluator.py tests
- Sam is working on property_config_reader.py tests and user sign-on system.
