# Mentor Meeting on 12/04/2023

## Meeting Start Time
2023/12/04/3:30pm

## Meeting End Time
2023/12/04/4:00pm

## Location/Medium
Zoom

## Present
All members (Leah, Sam, Logan, Ashley, Michaela), Nate

## Minute Recorder
Michaela

## Topics Discussed
- Showed Nate our current project update. We showed Nate what our code currently looks at in the aspects of being clean, broken up into modularization, and the tests and new functions implemented.
 - Nate liked that we have implemented tests and likes our current progress on it. Believes getting a headstart on tests will be beneficial for us in the future. Would recommend trying to implement more tests where possible.
- Showed Nate our map feature in cesium with the different drone flight paths being shown and how the map can be interacted with to focus on individual flights. Showed that you can manuver the map to be at the same height as the drone dots.
 - Explained that the project has to be ran before the flight paths will be shown on cesium.
- Brought up our iteration 3 feature ideas. Adding in a button that shows all data and then that filters the data when clicked. As well as implementing the code to show the real time data. Nate believed these would be good iteration features.

## Topics Clarified
- We clarified to nate that the different colors on the map are different drones currently.
- Explained to nate that the map feature is currently based on a previously given data set and that we hope to implement it to real time data in the future.
- Currently our Cesium map shows all the flight paths for all the drones in the dataset.
 
## Feedback Received
- Glad we were able to troubleshoot getting cesium to work.
- Liked our progress on our project compared to the mid-iteration meeting.
- Believed the number of tests we currently have is a good starting point.
- Liked that the code was broken up more in modularization and mentioned it looks much cleaner.
- Believes our iteration 3 features are good.
