# Mentor Meeting on 10/26/2023

## Meeting Start Time
2023/10/26/03:30pm

## Meeting End Time
2023/10/26/3:58pm

## Location/Medium
Zoom

## Present
All team members (Leah, Sam, Logan, Ashley, Michaela), Nate

## Minute Recorder
Michaela

## Topics Discussed
- We presented by groups to Nate. Sam and Ashley went first regarding squidRID. They explained to nate that we are hoping to get some spoof data from the software. By doing this we need to modify the code to create the bad data.
  - However, when trying to just run the software to understand it, we instantly get errors and are not sure how to fix/bypass them.
  - Nate will review SquidRID to see if he can figure it out on the errors that Sam and Ashley have been coming up with.
- Leah, Logan, and Me (Michaela) went next regarding the code we needed to make. We explained we had to create code that convert a CSV file to json and then it would read the json file and display clean (good) data.
  - Currently, the data being returned includes a lot of coordinates, circle radius size, and circle color. The coordinates being returned represent the specific drone flight path by circles. With how close each coordinate is, the circles will produce the line of the flight path for each drone. The drones are represented by different colors. We would like to use a map eventually that will show the drone flight paths (Cesium/unreal).

## Topics Clarified
- Mentor recommendations:
  - Excited we have actual code compared to when he took the class. Mentioned for their first iteration not many people had code.
  - Nate will review SquidRID to try to figure out how to bypass the errors we were coming across in making spoof data. He found it weird and didn't know how to necessarily help until he messed with the code himself.
  - Nate will review our stuff later on tonight and provide more feedback due to having to leave for a work meeting. For now he recommends we continue to try to work with SquidRID and try to get it running.  Will add in other feedback when received from Nate.
