# Mentor Meeting on 2/05/2024

## Meeting Start Time
2024/02/05/6:00pm

## Meeting End Time
2024/02/05/6:33pm

## Location/Medium
On Zoom

## Present
All Team Members (Michaela, Leah, Logan, Sam, and Ashley) and Nate

## Minute Recorder
Michaela

## Topics Discussed
- Discussed what the iteration 3 features were and how the tasks were deviated between the members after the python language switch.
  - Michaela Worked on the Drone Model Implementation
  - Leah worked on the time implementation feature in cesium and helped michaela with drone model
  - Logan worked on fixing the python class to connect with the test server to request drone data and have it saved to a json file. Implemented refresh button to update based on drone data.
  - Sam worked on transferring from java to python as well as added the code to show the time for flights.
  - Ashley worked on redoing the tests for our classes in python as well as helped michaela with drone model
- Showed Nate our project with the iteration features implemented.
- Nate enjoyed the drone model and how it flys through a path line rather than multiple dots being showed.
- Nate thought the forward and backward playthrough of the flight path was really cool.

## Topics Clarified
- Talked about language switch and how it ended up being more beneficial for the needs and wants for this project. After we explained our reasoning for the switch, he agreed that it would be beneficial.

 ## End of Iteration Feedback
- Glad we got the time feature implemented into the project.
- Liked that you can go forward, backward, and pause the drone moving through the path.
- Enjoyed the drone model
- Believes we made good progress this iteration.
- Only real complaint was that the drone flight instantly began as soon as the map opens.
- Was pleased that we got the project to run through the command line and local.
- Was happy with our test coverage
