# Mentor Meeting on 1/22/2024

## Meeting Start Time
2024/01/22/8:00pm

## Meeting End Time
2024/01/22/8:20pm

## Location/Medium
On Zoom

## Present
All Team Members (Michaela, Leah, Logan, Sam, and Ashley) and Nate

## Minute Recorder
Michaela

## Topics Discussed
- Discussed that we divided tasks out among members last week, mentioned what our assigned tasks for this past week were, what each of us individually have accomplished and what we plan to still accomplish in regards to our tasks.
- Mentioned the possibility of doing typescript rather than javascript to make things easier and more readable in the code.
- We told Nate what our goals for this iteration included:
  - Refactor the code for readability and implement testing where we do not have tests currently.
  - Refine and add functionality of the time feature in cesium, we want to implement following a drone throughout their flight path over time.
  - Wanting to Change drone model from a dot to a drone icon.
  - We want to get set up with the clients live server now that it is complete. We have a meeting with them on the 29th to overview their code of the test server so we can understand how to implement it.
- After the test server is implemented into our project, next iteration will include the sign in authorization feature that our clients currently use as well as other possible features.

## Topics Clarified
- Setting a set meeting time @ 8pm on Mondays whenever we need to meet. We can have this set up for weekly or bi-weekly and just pass on the meeting when we do not need it or when we don't have questions. This will be set up in our outlook calenders along with Nates so we can have a set time from here on out rather than trying to find a time on a random day.

 ## Mid-Iteration Feedback
- Nate mentioned typescript helps with readability and better understanding of the code functions. He does believe it will be a good idea in the long run of the project and something that will be useful for us in the future. Mentioned in his workfield, he uses typescript whenever he can.
- Tests for javascript: he has never done javascript tests but he is willing to add in research to see if he can help any with it if we can not figure it out. Said that front end testing will need to be done for the testing requirement. Front end and back end need to have the same coverage.
- Believes we are in a good spot in the project and that we know what we want to do.
- Likes the goals for this iteration.
- Liked the idea of us having set tasks that we can relay in progress to the group and talk about questions during the meeting.
