# Mentor Meeting on 3/11/2024

## Meeting Start Time
2024/03/11/9:00pm

## Meeting End Time
2024/03/11/9:30pm

## Location/Medium
Zoom

## Present
All Team Members (Logan, Leah, Sam, Ashley, Michaela) and Nate

## Minute Recorder
Michaela

## Topics Discussed
- Discussed our fourth iteration features which included: Displaying more drone information, Show operator location on map, live automatic refresh and flight trails.
- Discussed Unreal engine, mentioned our set back on getting it implemented this iteration and what our solution ended up being.
 - Needed to use Visual Studio Community rather than Visual Studio Code.
- Showed Nate our Software; he enjoyed hour clean our features were.
- Nate offerred help with Unreal Engine when we begin to implement the transition. Has experience with C/C# so he can help with any coding issues we come across.

## Topics Clarified
- Discovered an issue with our code while showing our code/project. Some of our functions went backwards (handle-server-data), discussed with members that it needed to be fixed.
- Need to have a production branch so we can merge feature branches into that rather than main (could be causing complications among features (ex; Some features no longer working))

 ## End of Iteration Feedback
- Nate Was happy test coverage was up (he was concerned about it after the language transition).
- Nate Offered help with Unreal Engine when we begin to implement it.
- Believed we have a good/clean UI with our new features being implemented.
- Enjoyed how clean our features were and that they looked good.
