
# Mentor Meeting on 02/22/2024

## Meeting Start Time
2024/02/22/07:00pm

## Meeting End Time
2024/02/22/07:12pm

## Location/Medium
Zoom

## Present
All Team Members (Sam, Leah, Logan, Ashley, Michaela) and Nate

## Minute Recorder
Michaela

## Topics Discussed
- We discussed the features added and what we have been working on.
 - Last iteration the drone model, time implementation, refresh button, and connection to the test server were added as features for that iteration.
- This iteration, so far we have been focusing on adding in Tests since we lost ours during the language conversion and we had updated the refresh button to let the users know when the data set has been updated.
- We then showed nate a demo of our drone moving through the flight path as well as the button features added for time and refresh.

## Topics Clarified
- We will be transitioning over to unreal this iteration as well as adding in new features and having some new data shown to the end users as well, Nate works primarily works in C and C# at his work so he is willing to help in any way he can.

 ## Mid-Iteration Feedback
- Nate liked our game plan for the upcoming iteration and how we are trying to proceed with unreal engine.
- Wishes us luck with unreal engine, it is hard to understand but thinks we could handle it. He was surprised about the transitioning happening at a later iteration.
- Believes we have a good UI in his opinion.
- Offered any help when it comes to C/C# coding issues since none of us have really messed with C#.
- Will Review our demo videos to give us more feedback and critism in the future.
