# Client Meeting on 10/23/2023

## Meeting Start Time
2023/10/23/11:00am

## Meeting End Time
2023/10/23/11:33am

## Location/Medium
Google Meet

## Present
team members (Sam, Logan, Ashley, Michaela), Chris, Gary

## Minute Recorder
Michaela

## Topics Discussed
- Where will coding be located? Our coding will primarily be done on GitLab. It is a group project that connects both us and our clients so we all can be on the same page.
- Some team member's need to fix NDA's for the address at the top of the first pages. These changes will be fixed and submitted back to Aaron.
- What are we doing for this project? (Topics Clarified)

## Topics Clarified
- Within this project, we are creating spoof data, a simulator of a drone taking off and doing something like flying in a cricle, regular data, and creating a code that will look at data setsin CSV files and determine what is real and what is spoofed. Then the code will display the data in a way where it'll make sense to users.
- The specific data data points being looked at includes the latitude and longitude, unique ID, and the timestamps.
- Use SquidRID (Open source code) to create real looking simulated "spoof data", it is located on Github.
- Clients will be posting CSV files with real drone data they collected.
- Eventually, we will run our program with SQUIDRID to see how we are doing regarding the project.
- The created data will possibly be set for our scenario.
- Do not completely rewrite their database.
- Towards the end of the project we should hopefully be working with real time data.
- First iteration is still text based.


## Tasks Distributed
-Tasks will be distributed to team members in our team meeting tomorrow. This meeting was primarily for us to get on the same page of what was happening.

## Link for SquidRID
- https://github.com/flyandi/SquidRID
