# Client Meeting on 10/05/2023

## Meeting Start Time
2023/10/05/08:31

## Meeting End Time
2023/10/05/09:37

## Location/Medium
Google Meet

## Present
All team members (Leah, Sam, Logan, Ashley, Michaela), Chris, Gary

## Minute Recorder
Michaela

## Topics Discussed
- General Overview of Project and what our goals are for the project
- Will make a scenario to demo at the end of the project to determine if the project works well or not. (Possibly prison drug and drone scenario.)
- We will be breaking scenarios into smaller chunks to better understand.
- Possibly will be using unreal Engine user interface
- Overall process of project/app: The system -> The cloud <- Drone (Airtag/message)
- First chunk of project will focus on the GPS.
  - Possibly other ways to hack or spoof
  - Be cautious because if looking for people who have spoofed GPS you could be spoofing as well!

## Topics Clarified
- Our tasks for the project: Will be focusing primarily on the Microservices- HTTP GET code. Will be essentially getting data from drone and we are sending what we find initially. Labeling as good or bad data. Then will progress to spoof or not spoof, red, yellow, green data.
- We need to detect spoofing or an anomaly and return to the microservice/database if it is either or if it actually good data.

## Tasks Distritubed
- Assign team a name (Spoofer Troopers?)
- Start on 1st chunk (GPS)
  -Determine if an anomaly, is the drone tracking within the law of physics? 
- Read NIST 800-53?
- Send Email to client for GITLAB adding.
- Review opendroneid.org - open source code for the standard.
      -Specifically opendroneid.H and opendroneid.C 
