# Client Meeting on 12/04/2023

## Meeting Start Time
2023/12/04/09:00am

## Meeting End Time
2023/12/04/9:44am

## Location/Medium
Google Meet

## Present
All team members (Leah, Sam, Logan, Ashley, Michaela), Chris, Michael

## Minute Recorder
Michaela

## Topics Discussed
- We showed the clients our current progress of the code break down and the current map.
- Code currently does not factor in height due to it not being incorporated into the dataset provided but it will not be hard to incorporate into the code when provided.
- Mentioned to the client about potentially adding in a button that will allow you to see both the complete data set drone flights (both bad and good) and then it will sort out the bad data to show the actual drones.
- Cesium is easy to work with, extremely simple with a few adjustments. Information on Cesium is well documented on how to use and manipulate for projects.
- Talked about the potential of presenting the project to Aaron (CEO) and Gary (CTO) in the future.
- Test server is what we are waiting on for real time data. The clients do not want to use their real server due to the fact that they would prefer not to push squidRID onto it to where their clients could see that.

## Topics Clarified
- Instead of a login page we will be using an OAuth() code. This is something that the clients use in their systems.
- Each color on the map is a different drone and their flight path based on their remote ID. (Red = drone 1 ID, Purple = drone 2 ID, etc.)
- When the project goes live, there is a potential for there being from one to multiple drones at a time, do not hard code for a max count of drones.
 
## Feedback Received
- Client says the code seems awesome so far. Chris was excited about our code and mentioned to us about an issue that they had with a client partner that claimed this wouldn't be possible but our code proves the partner wrong.
- Believes the idea of having a button that will show the difference between real and fake data flight paths would be beneficial and help sell the product.
- The client believes the code is functional enough that this code/project is something he would be confident and excited to show to the CEO and CTO but not to a client quite yet because it is not fully done.
 - Believes that once we can implement the code to show "real time dones" we will be fully functional.
  - The clients are currently beginning to work on the test server which is the only thing preventing us from having real time data. We won't be expecting to receive this till sometime after christmas.
- Believes a configuration file will be practical in our project due to some functions having similar code.
