# Client Meeting on 11/10/2023

## Meeting Start Time
2023/11/10/09:30am

## Meeting End Time
2023/11/10/9:56am

## Location/Medium
Google Meet

## Present
All team members (Leah, Sam, Logan, Ashley, Michaela), Chris, Michael

## Minute Recorder
Michaela

## Topics Discussed
- Reviewed our project with the clients to recieve any feedback and criticism regarding our progress.
- Discussed our progress with squidRID. Every member has taken an attempt at squidRID and we have not made much progress. The farthest we have gotten thus far is getting it to compile. The clients will also give a shot at SquidRID to see if they can get it to return simulated drone data. In the mean time, they will be providing us with more data to look at and send through our system to test it's accuracy.
  - Clients showed us the dataset they will be sending us and what the current 2D map (for that data set) looks like in regards to datapoints so we know what to expect when we recieve the data. 
- Clients went into more detail regarding the specification and exactly how the drone data will be tracked.
  - Stated that we are in a good place in regards to progress and that the project is happening at a really good time in regards to the specification and when it goes live.
    - Clients reminded us that the project is way to fun and interesting to be in a bad place.  
- Clients reiterated that we would eventually like our program to be able to distinguish between real and fake drones as a reminder.

## Topics Clarified
- Feedback from project:
  - What we have this far is good progress thus far.
    - Our code is set up currently to review dataset completeness.
  - When we can crack SquidRID and get data produced that will be placed into our Json Reader and converter.
    - The clients are going to take a shot at squidRID themselves. Have recommended we take a week or two break away from SquidRID.
  - Recommended we can redo our overall architecture so it is more detailed based on what we do among classes and what we hope to do.
  - Clients say that our current code and sign in feature is in a good front end position in regards to progress and functionality.
