# Client Meeting on 10/13/2023

## Meeting Start Time
2023/10/13/08:30

## Meeting End Time
2023/10/13/09:27

## Location/Medium
Google Meet

## Present
All team members (Leah, Sam, Logan, Ashley, Michaela), Chris, Gary

## Minute Recorder
Michaela

## Topics Discussed
- Our Team Name is assigned to PBS - Pierce Aerospace Ball State.
- Cybersecurity plan. Are we doing things properly in relaying information? Are we using official emails? Any recommendations on how to ensure things are more secure?
  - NIST 800-171 talks about Cybersecurity access control incase wanting to better understand guidelines.
- Returned to future scenario activity from last week's meeting.
  - Thinking about using the Louisiana State Penitentiary for our end of project scenario due to the large size of the location. Scenario may include someone located on the other side of the river trying to drop contraband into the prison by drone. Tracking circles located around the area that will alert if a drone passed through the perimeter circles. 5-10 people inside the penitentiary may have phones trying to spoof the system to allow the drone access into the penitentiary. 
- Reviewed our project with clients to ensure everything we were presenting would be confidential enough to tell the class. (Clarified section has their feedback)
- May be using Cesium for a 3D map in the app.
  - Something to look into to figure out how to use and what exactly it is. 
- Mentioned the clients had a previous app that we can use as a foundation for the project.
  - We will have some different things returned compared to the previous app such as if the data has spoofing.
- Issues on their end trying to get us added to the GitLab.
- Michael (Another back-end coder in company) is currently working on code that will be shared to us.
  - Simulated drone code for us to begin working on getting it to fly in a circle, determine longitude and  latitude.
- Start off simple on iterations, then we can begin to add in more things. We want something to work even if basic information is provided. 

## Topics Clarified
- Feedback from project:
  - Make sure not to show the company architecture. Even if drawn in our own way. Ignore recommendation of connecting display to API because it may not be best.
  - Unreal for display.
  - We will eventually be looking at time stamps.
  - Business requirements are good.
  - GPS data is too specific right now, focus on attribute data for requirments.
  - Algorithms are important.
  - Adjust prototype in the aspect of Remote ID Screen. Want to show on the real data screens, not a type it in.
  - First Iteration may be asking more than we can chew. Simplify to Tech based output to inport and process JSON and put into database. Then we can build off of it more later.
- Mentioned about coming to their office in the future to possible do some scenarios to understand how things work. Those in the company can operate drones so we can attempt to collect and work with data.

## Tasks Distritubed
- Do client adjustments recommended and submit assignments.
- Look into Cesium for Unreal, play with the software a little to understand what we might be working with in the future.
- Cybersecurity plan, think of any recommendations on how to make this process more efficient.
- Draw out a possible map for the Louisiana State Penitentiary for how the scenario can work. Will want the tracking circles surrounding the whole area of the penitentiary to avoid possible slips. 

## Links for their old app and Cesium
- https://cesium.com/platform/cesium-for-unreal/
- https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.opendroneid.android_osm&hl=en_US&gl=US
