
# Client Meeting on 02/05/2024

## Meeting Start Time
2023/02/05/01:00pm

## Meeting End Time
2024/02/05/01:52pm

## Location/Medium
Google Meet

## Present
All team members (Leah, Sam, Logan, Ashley, Michaela), Chris, Gary

## Minute Recorder
Michaela

## Topics Discussed
- We explained what each member worked on since the switch from java to python.
- Explained that we were able to add in a refresh button to cesium that will update the data to a new flight path.
- Discussed the difficulty we had with the time implementation within the code as well as the drone model.
  - We were all excited though that we were able to get it to work in the end
- Walked client through the project usage and how to get to the end point of running the project on cesium.
- Was excited with the project iterations we were able to accomplish even after the language change.
- Chris was excited that the time feature on cesium could now be used rather than it being unusable.

## Topics Clarified
- Discussed things the clients would like to see added in next iteration such as more drone information such as operator location.
- Showing of potential drone collisions
- User sign on
- Make an Unreal Engine Product for end-users

## Client Use of Software
- How did the client use the software?
  - Used the software easily when being walked through the process of starting up the project. Interacted well with cesium when pulled up.
- What features were tested?
  - Features tested included the time function buttons, time line graph, and refresh button. Visual added features included the drone model
- How long did they mess with your software?
  - Approximately 7 minutes 
- How was their reaction?
  - Happy to see cesium drone interaction has increased and features were added even with the language change.
- Anything recognized that was weird/unusual/bad?
  - Noticed that during the transfer of languages, longitude, latitude, and rating has disappeared when interacting with the drone.
- any issues (usability and functionality)
  - Would like to see the missing data added back into the project.


## Feedback Received
- Was excited about the test server being able to be implemented and we were able to get it to work.
- Enjoyed the addition of a refresh button to show a new flight path when the one currently finishes.
- Was excited to see that we were able to show new features with the language change.
- Was thrilled that we have a moving drone model rather than dots.
- Liked that we were able to implement the time feature.
- Glad we were able to get the playback, playforward, and pause in cesium implemented into our project.
- Was a little disapointed the height, longitude, latitude, and rating disapeared during the language transfer but believes we can get it back.
