
# Client Meeting on 03/08/2024

## Meeting Start Time
2024/03/08/12:30pm

## Meeting End Time
2024/03/85/01:30pm

## Location/Medium
Zoom

## Present
All team members (Leah, Sam, Logan, Ashley, Michaela), Chris

## Minute Recorder
Sam

## Topics Discussed
- Discussed what was most useful in the iteration 4 features so that we could carry those into iteration 5.
  - Iteration 4 features included: Displaying drone information (ID, rating, longitude, latitude, and height), show operator location, Live automatic refresh and flight trails, reactive 'Clean' button.
  - Iteration 5 features include: shifting from a webpage to unreal, add line-of-sight requirement between drone and operator, and topdown map that displays live drone location with 'shapes' (triangle, square, circle)

## Topics Clarified
- Iteration 5 would use unreal engine for front and backend code, therefore, we would need to translate our current code into C++.
  - We would not be able to use our current python files but it is what the client wants. Would result in improvements of the operation speed, usability, and graphics.

## Client Use of Software
- How did the client use the software?
  - Client used the software well. No complications in getting it to run
- What features were tested?
  - Features tested included flight simulation, locating the operator, and that after a few minutes the drone path would still be present.
- How long did they mess with your software?
  - Approximately 3 Minutes
- How was their reaction?
  - He was positive and liked the progress of the project
- Anything recognized that was weird/unusual/bad?
  - The drone flight ended up being a bit buggy, we made a note to fix that after the meeting.
- any issues (usability and functionality)
  - only issues noticed were based on getting the project to run on unreal engine. Things that were hindering progress on switching to unreal.


## Feedback Received
- Liked current progress.
- Wanted us to continue adding features to increase usability.
- Was thrilled that features were clean this iteration.

