# Client Meeting on 04/15/2024

## Meeting Start Time
2024/04/15/1:00pm

## Meeting End Time
2024/04/15/1:30pm

## Locaton/Medium
Microsoft Teams

## Present
All team members (Leah, Sam, Logan, Ashley, Michaela) Chris and Michael

## Minute Recorder
Michaela

## Topics Discussed
- Showed the current software to the Clients. Software updates every 10 seconds with the new flight path added ontop of the current overlaying one.
- Discussed our new implemented features and explained why we transitioned away from the drone model and went with a moving dot.
- Discussed how the flight path works to the client in aspects to the 10 seconds.
- Showed that the spoof data is implemented back in to clean and give the option to see all data or clean.
- Clients showed us the current software they are using that is similar to our project. They like our project more compared to the official.
- Clients believe they can use and benefit from our software.

## Topics Clarified
- We switched from the drone model to the moving dot due to the software running slow and laggy. We found out the drone model was affecting the speed of our program.

## Client use of Software
- Client used the software well
- Client tested the features by interacting with the landing page, the drone flight path, and the new button features.
- Client used the software for 5 minutes
- Client was excited about the software. Had no complaints about the landing page nor the UI.
- There was nothing unusual and no issues noted

## Feedback Recieved
- Believes our product looks good compared to a professional product they currently use.
- Believes this project was a good real-world experience.
- Liked our last iteration features - "Icing on the cake".
- Was disappointed it was still a webpage, but they are still happy with it even with it not being unreal engine.
- Was glad we did a landing page. They wanted one but forgot to mention it last meeting to us.
