# Business Requirements

**BR1: Develop a data curation framework for forensic users that can identify potential spoofing attacks within certain cyber-physical systems.**  

The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) introduced a Remote ID rule, effective in 2023, as part of its efforts to regulate drone operations more effectively. Remote ID rules have been implemented in various countries and are aimed at enhancing safety and accountability in the rapidly growing drone industry. These systems enable authorities to identify and track drones in real-time, which is crucial for preventing unauthorized flights in restricted areas, responding to safety incidents, and ensuring responsible drone operation. These rules are typically enacted as regulations, therefore having the force of law, and must be followed by drone operators. Some drone users are wary of this requirement, and have designed programs to broadcast spoofed remote ID's, which degrades officials' ability to accurately monitor drone flights. By enhancing the security and resilience of CPS (Cyber-Physical Systems) data, this spoof detection application will contribute to safeguarding critical infrastructures and ensuring the reliable operation of connected devices and systems. This application will extract localization and identity data from collected drone flight information, and then analyze, validate and return simplified corresponding data that indicates instances of Remote ID spoofing.

**BR2: Display visual and text information to end-users.**  

The software application will display customizable text information and 3-D mapping of drone flight paths to end-users on the User Interface, once the system has first removed data anomalies and drones that are transmitting a spoofed Remote ID. This ensures that the end-user sees a representation of factual data, and allows law enforcement, government agencies, other officials and researchers to draw contrasts and comparisons, and help enforce Remote ID rules.
